PSMDB-227 Split restore from hot backup steps for standalone and repl… (#296)
percona/psmdb-docs: source/hot-backup.rst

   AWS Documentation: Providing AWS Credentials
      https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sdk-for-cpp/v1/developer-guide/credentials.html

Restoring data from backup
===============================

.. rubric:: Restoring from backup on a standalone server

> To restore your database on a standalone server, stop the ``mongod`` service, clean out the data directory and copy files from the backup directory to the data directory. The ``mongod`` user requires access to those files to start the service. Therefore, make the ``mongod`` user the owner of the data directory and restart the ``mongod`` service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To restore your database on a standalone server, stop the ``mongod`` service, clean out the data directory and copy files from the backup directory to the data directory. The ``mongod`` user requires access to those files to start the service. Therefore, make the ``mongod`` user the owner of the data directory and all files and subdirectories under it, and restart the ``mongod`` service.
```

.. code-block:: bash

   #Stop the mongod service
   $ systemctl stop mongod
   #Clean out the data directory
   $ rm -rf /var/lib/mongodb/*
   # Copy backup files
   $ cp -RT <my_backup_data_path> /var/lib/mongodb/
   #Grant permissions to data files for the mongod user
   $ chown -R mongod:mongod /var/lib/mongodb/
   #Start the mongod service
   $ systemctl start mongod

.. rubric:: Restoring from backup in a replica set

> The recommended way to restore the replica set from a backup is to restore it into a standalone node and then create a new replica set. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The recommended way to restore the replica set from a backup is to restore it into a standalone node and then ``rs.initialize()`` it as the first member of a new replica set. 
```
